#summary How to contribute to the project.
#labels Phase-Implementation,Featured

= Contributing to BlazingStars =

If you would like to contribute to BlazingStars, welcome!  We can use all the help we can get.  Some common tasks for new users:

  *  Testing.  We need people to test the program under as many conditions as possible, and to report problems as they occur.  Please see SubmittingBugReports for more information on how to help here.
  *  Writing code.  If you want to help develop BlazingStars, just go ahead and download the code from the [http://blazingstars.googlecode.com/svn SVN repository] and start on whatever is bothering you about the program!  To contribute patches, e-mail me at steven.hamblin at gmail.com, or submit it on the [http://code.google.com/p/blazingstars/issues/list issues page] (to an existing issue if you're fixing something already identified, or to a new issue if you're doing something original).  BlazingStars is written in Objective-C and uses Cocoa;  developers unfamiliar with the Apple way of doing things are strongly encouraged to try out a few small programs before getting deep into BlazingStars, and to view the developer documentation at http://developer.apple.com/mac/.  Once you've contributed a good patch or two, I'll list you as a project committer and you can submit patches at will.
  *  Contributing theme support.  Help BlazingStars by writing the support files for your favorite theme, which requires only patience and a steady hand.  Full details can be found at the ContributingThemes page.
  *  Localization.  Want to localize BlazingStars for your language?  Great!  Contact me through e-mail or contribute on the [http://code.google.com/p/blazingstars/issues/list issues page].  
  *  Graphic design.  BlazingStars could use the attention of a graphic designer or artist;  please contact me for more information.

 